adding course callouts to certain pages (#8060)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_mesh-course-callout.md

> :::info

Reviewer: I think it's more appropriate to turn this into a Tip box instead of Info since it's recommending an action/best practice. 
```suggestion
:::tip
```

> To help you get started, check out our [Quickstart with <Constant name="mesh" />](/guides/mesh-qs) or [available <Constant name="mesh" /> learning courses](https://learn.getdbt.com/courses/dbt-mesh) to learn more more and get started.

Author: ```suggestion
To help you get started, check out our [Quickstart with <Constant name="mesh" />](/guides/mesh-qs) or our online [<Constant name="mesh" /> course](https://learn.getdbt.com/courses/dbt-mesh) to learn more!
```
